##Description of Chosen User Stories:
###(Details of Why Those User Stories are Chosen)

At the time we were working with the Android GUI, we realized that the user stories are not just the requirements or functions – they are also the basic steps and parts of the structures that makes up the GUI. And the most frequent word we can find in our 10 user stories is: camera. Thus, the function of adding cameras (User Story 3) became the first name on our wanted list.
If we can make the adding-cameras function work, are there any other user stories that can be done while implemening that function? Then we set our eyes on user story 5 and 10. User story 5 requires us to add and save the information of the cameras and user story 10 asks for the properties. Obviously, these two user stories have very tight relation with the user story 3. Which means that they can be done easier than other when we have working user story 3 as the base. Thus, they were chosen.
But, why we choose user story 9? It seems a better idea to choose 4 or 6 because they are also based on the user story 3. The reason is: practicability. When we met with our customer, he said that he wanted the application to be more practicable than pretty. And at first, in the image of the application GUI he pictured for us, there is no any camera icons or the movability of the icons – there are only camera buttons. Of course, beautiful movable icons will be more fancy. But, it’s not what we need in this period. What’s the practicable function we need after “we have a camera/cameras”? User story 9. Actually, user story 9 was the user story 1 in the pervious user story version, which means that it’s the No.1 practicable function the customer needs. That’s the reason we choose it.

