###Defects Found By Testing

Of the tested software so far no defects were found. 
I think a major reason our code hasn’t returned defects is because the majority of the code is very split up. There is a class for just about everything implemented in larger classes. Together this makes a pretty complicated bundle of code. However, individually each class is pretty clean with little room for error. A lot of the unit tests themselves are pretty short because of how simple the methods are in each short class. These simple working pieces put together make a larger piece of working code. 
Another reason our code so far probably didn’t encounter any errors is because so far most of the code has been UI based code. So during development it was easy to see if defects occurred because the UI would not work properly. And if the expected result wasn’t there the developer could just fix it on the spot before it made its way to testing. That’s why the majority of the tests were focused on testing were based upon making sure the backend that saves CameraConfig information was working properly, and making sure the time was being recorded properly. There were some untested parts to this split mainly some of the additional code to the XML Editor and some of the CameraConfigLoader and Saver due to time. I decided they were less crucial to test because the loader hasn’t been fully implemented yet and the UI doesn’t really support it yet either. Through the few tests that were done the code seems to work as expected but as those classes get further developed there will be more to test. These will be interesting tests for next time because of the backend nature of them. It will be more difficult to notice errors while writing compared to the UI code. So it’s likely we’ll bump into defects from the tests from the next sprint. The good news is though for this sprint the current features on the GUI work without defects and that was the goal for this sprint. 
