##Testing Outline

There are certain functional parts of the system that will need to be tested. A critical feature that needs to be tested is that when a camera is selected on the interface, and a time is recorded, accurate information about the camera and time is recorded. XML output of this data needs to be tested to be accurate as well. A non-functional goal of the user interface is that it needs to be low latency. If the latency of the UI is high then it will interfere with another functional aspect of the software which is support for multiple cameras to have their times recorded simultaneously. 

A stress test would need to be done with many cameras at variable times. This stress test could be tested using a program developed to simulate many requests for camera timestamps. This program can also record time in between camera requests to see if it’s below a latency standard that will be determined later. 

The UI will need to have some functional testing done with regards to the ability to graphically lay out cameras on the stage. It should also be intuitive to use, and designed to complete the user goals of the software quickly. We will probably need to coordinate with Chris to see if he finds this software easy to use for his purposes. The UI in general will need to be tested on multiple android devices to ensure that it has cross platform support and that the UI will not distort on variable screen resolutions. This software needs to support Chris’s current tablet and future devices. 

XML files that are generated by the software also need to be able to be loaded to Adobe Premiere and easily transferable from the phone or tablet used to run the software. The XML file needs to be tested to be USB transferrable. We will also need to download a copy of Adobe Premiere so that we can test that the XML generated is both accepted by the program and properly formatted. 

The UI will be tested to see if there are buttons giving the user easy access to adding names to cameras. Those names need to be tested to be accurate after many filming/photography sessions. The UI also needs to be tested for a button that gives the user the ability to open up note system. The note system then needs to be tested to take user input easily and save user notes safely. It should also be tested that notes can be added while filming, we can do this by simply adding notes while the software is recording information for a camera and check if those notes save without any issues. The toggling between the note interface and the main UI needs to have low latency to ensure that if quick changes need to be made that is possible while using the notes feature.

Cameras saved on the system need to have some sort of requirement while being added to select between wide or narrow lens. This can be tested simply by sifting through the UI, adding a camera, and seeing if I can accurately tell using the software if the camera is wide or narrow. 

To test this software we will need access to multiple android tablets and android phones. We would like to test the app on multiple devices to ensure that the UI works cross device and that the program is robust. We also need a copy of adobe premiere to test that XML files work well with it. The Android SDK is also a necessity for developing the testing scripts for the software to check that it can handle stress tests. 
